Ask your child to think of the worst sandwich - then pretend to eat it. Switch roles.
Choose a category (colours, animals, dinosaurs). Take turns naming items until one of you gets stuck.
Choose three items from your bag or purse and make up a story around those items.
Count how many trees you pass on your way to the bus stop. Brag that factoid to someone you meet.
Don't Say It; Choose up to 5 prohibited words you may not say (yes, no...). Trick each other into saying them in a conversation.
Drop a scrap of paper. Your child should try to catch it before it hits the ground.
Face each other and mirror each other's movements.
Find 5 things with letters or numbers on them.
Find the letters of your child's name in street signs together.
Go on a shape hunt; Find shapes in things around you.
Guess how many steps to the next lamp post or how many stairs in the next flight. Now count them.
Have a long jump competition.
Have a video call with Grandma.
Hum a song for the other one to recognise. Switch roles.
Jump on each other's shadow.
Keep silent for one minute. Each of you has to name three different things you've heard during this minute.
Listen to an audio story together with one set of earphones.
Look at one another. Try to find one detail you haven't noticed before.
Make the sounds of the different vehicles passing you by.
Make up a different name for an everyday object and start using it.
Make up a story using things you see around you. Your kid should try to point them out.
Make up excuses for being late.
Make up names for dogs you see. People, too.
Make up silly fictional stories about people you both know.
Name an animal - the other one should make its sound or move like it.
Name the furthest thing you can spot. Make it into a competition.
Odd or Even; Take turns choosing Odd or Even. On the count of three you both pull one finger or two.
Pick up some things off the ground and make an obstacle course.
Place 6 objects on the ground together. Tell your child to look away, take one out. Let them guess what it is.
Play a song your kid likes on your phone and dance to it in public.
Play Animal Vegetable Mineral; Think of things starting with a specific letter or sound.
Play I Spy with My Little Eye.
Play Memory Supermarket; Take turns adding things to a memory shopping list. How many items can you remember?
Play Musical Statues to the sound of your own singing.
Play Pat-a-Cake. Invent your own hand-clap game.
Play pick-up sticks with some twigs; Drop them on the floor in a pile and try to remove one without disturbing the pile.
Play Rock Paper Scissors.
Play Simon Says.
Play Thumb War.
Play Would You Rather.
Pretend you are pirates on a treasure hunt.
Pretend you're packing for a trip to somewhere exotic together. Make silly suggestions like boots to the beach.
Race to the next lamp post.
Reminisce about your favourite family holiday
Rhyme. If you can't rhyme yet - find the rhymes in songs you know.
Role play each other. Behave the way you like your child to behave - do not make fun of them.
Search the web for images of "monkey making a face". Take turns imitating the faces.
Set up a shooting range with stuff you find and some stones. Keep it safe.
Slaps; Place your palms on top of each other. Bottom player should tap the backs of the other's hands. If you miss - switch.
Speak in Gibberish. Have your child be your in-person interpreter.
Stand up right. Drop a penny on your shoe without it falling off. Challenge your kid.
Take some funny selfies with your child. Ask them to pick their favourite. Let them pick a family member to send the picture to.
Take turns finding shapes in the clouds. Try to be as descriptive as possible and encourage your child to do so as well.
Tell Two Truths and a Lie. Take turns in making up stories and guessing which one's the lie.
The Ministry of Silly Walks: Scuttle. Waddle. Hop. Shuffle. Walk funny!
Try to make a Hopscotch course and play.
Try to recite a poem or song you both like.
Try to step on each other.
Use a plain paper or plastic bag as a puppet. Both of you.
Use your finger to draw a shape or a letter on your child's back. They should figure out what it was. Switch roles.
Walk everywhere backwards.
Walk sideways.
Whisper in each other's ear instead of talking out loud. Especially in crowded places
Who am I? Think of someone you both know. Start with one clue and answer questions about them.
Yes, and... In turn, each of you makes a statement. The other person has to accept and expand on that.
